c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\assignment.Application.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\assignment.Application.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\obj\Debug\assignment.Application.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\obj\Debug\assignment.Application.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\obj\Debug\assignment.Application.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\assignment.Application.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\assignment.Data.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\assignment.Model.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\assignment.Data.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\assignment.Model.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\Autofac.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\assignment\assignment.Application\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
